there's a difference between visible
glutes and usable glutes if you don't
believe me try that visible glutes are
made by increasing the muscle mass in
the area and of course having a little
extra body fat can help but that's
mostly up to genetics and usable glutes
are built by training them through
length the biggest movement that glutes
help with is hip extension but if you
only train in this short position it
doesn't address the lengthened position
required by squats so glutes also need
to work through length as well so start
with a lengthened position but instead
of starting with a dragon squat start
with a pigeon good morning but if this
is too hard you can actually modify it
by bending the back leg try just 10 of
these reps then go straight to hip
thrusts and work the glutes in a
shortened position one leg is harder
both legs is easier bounce back and
forth for a few sets and your glutes
will be both visible and usable over
time stay flexy